Add new layout for GSoC projects (#6393)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2023/projects/docker-compose-build.adoc

=== Links
* General office hours meeting can be attended link:https://zoom.us/j/93082176149[here]
* Project specific office hours can be attended link:https://zoom.us/j/92846964984[here]

> * project specific office hours meeting notes can be found link:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yij9OvM2_92My3vqjn6u8ABHjXcyy0a7O6oM30b6ctM/edit[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Project specific office hours meeting notes can be found link:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yij9OvM2_92My3vqjn6u8ABHjXcyy0a7O6oM30b6ctM/edit[here]
```

> * Recodings of these office hours can be found on community blog post link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/docker-quick-start-examples-gsoc-2023/7479[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recodings of these weekly project meetings can be found on the Discourse post link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/docker-quick-start-examples-gsoc-2023/7479[here]
```

> * Recodings of these weekly project meetings can be found on the Discourse post link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/docker-quick-start-examples-gsoc-2023/7479[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recordings of these weekly project meetings can be found on the Discourse post link:https://community.jenkins.io/t/docker-quick-start-examples-gsoc-2023/7479[here]
```

> * Gitter channel used project can be joined link:https://matrix.to/#/#gsoc-2023-docker-quickstart:matrix.org[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gitter channel dedicated to this project can be joined link:https://matrix.to/#/#gsoc-2023-docker-quickstart:matrix.org[here]
```
